CLI help
  Snyk CLI scans and monitors your projects for security vulnerabilities and license issues.

  For more information, visit the Snyk website https://snyk.io

  For details, see the CLI documentation https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli

How to get started
  1. Authenticate by running snyk auth.
  2. Test your local project with snyk test.
  3. Get alerted for new vulnerabilities with snyk monitor.

Available commands
  To learn more about each Snyk CLI command, use the --help option, for example, snyk auth --help.

  Note: The help on the docs site is the same as the --help in the CLI.

  snyk auth
    Authenticate Snyk CLI with a Snyk account.

  snyk test
    Test a project for open-source vulnerabilities and license issues.

    Note: Use snyk test --unmanaged to scan all files for known open-source dependencies (C/C++
    only).

  snyk monitor
    Snapshot and continuously monitor a project for open-source vulnerabilities and license issues.

  snyk container
    These commands test and continuously monitor container images for vulnerabilities and generate an
    SBOM for a container image.

  snyk iac
    These commands find and report security issues in Infrastructure as Code files; detect, track,
    and alert on unmanaged resources; and create a .driftignore file.

  snyk code
    The snyk code test command finds security issues using Static Code Analysis.

  snyk sbom
    Generate or test an SBOM document in ecosystems supported by Snyk.

  snyk aibom
    Generates an AIBOM for a local software project that is written in Python, to understand what AI
    models, datasets, tools, and so on are used in that project.

  snyk redteam
    Runs a red teaming scan against AI targets and reports vulnerabilities.

  snyk log4shell
    Find Log4Shell vulnerability.

  snyk config
    Manage Snyk CLI configuration.

  snyk policy
    Display the .snyk policy for a package.

  snyk ignore
    Modify the .snyk policy to ignore stated issues.

Debug
  Use -d option to output the debug logs.

Configure the Snyk CLI
  You can use environment variables to configure the Snyk CLI and also set variables to configure the
  Snyk CLI to connect with the Snyk API. See Configure the Snyk CLI
  https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/configure-the-snyk-cli


